hello guys welcome to my channel in this
video I'm going to talk to you about
studying Italian and Italian is my third
foreign language my native language is
Russian my second language is English my
third language is German and Italian is
my fourth language that I'm instead of
able to speak I'm in Italy right now in
a very beautiful part of Italy near Como
and yes if you're interested in studying
Italian and studying foreign languages
please continue watching this video
the first thing that I wanted to tell
you and I keep telling it everyone who
studies languages you need to have a
goal like created for yourself some
goals work better so for example if
you're looking to study in the United
States and you need English yes this is
an amazing goal and you're gonna put all
of your efforts into studying English
for German I had a great motivation
because my university had an exchange
program with technical University of
Dresden and my professor told me if
you're a German is c1 then we're gonna
send you there and we're gonna give you
a scholarship so study like crazy
for Italian I didn't really have this
motivation but I had a childhood dream
so when I was 10 years old in Russia we
have yards where children from the house
just go and play with each other so I
had friends from they could half Italian
half Russian their mom is Russian their
father was Italian and they used to talk
to each other in Italian they would
really pretty girls twins and I would
look at them and listen to their Italian
language and I would be like oh my god I
want to speak like that this is so so
beautiful
I was super inspired by their Italian
and Bruno's ten years old I promise to
myself marina someday you're gonna study
Italian I didn't know why I didn't know
what for but I just wanted that so when
I came to Germany in 2010 we had a
choice of foreign languages that we
could study that would be included into
a curriculum such as English I chose
German because I needed to improve it
and it shows Italian so the first time I
started to learn this Allan was to learn
Italian in German we had a teacher from
Italy but she talked to us in German and
this is my foundation in Italian I
started it for three months and then I
went back to Russia and had so many
things I had to do so I stopped learning
Italian
then I attended some classes in Russia I
even had a native speaker from Italian
and we took a couple of classes but
again because it didn't have a real
motivation behind Italian we have
learning the Italian language I didn't
really do it but here's the motivation
yesterday I had my first class in
Italian and this is how it was
yes she would show you my Airbnb and
then we realized I actually have a
meeting prepared to work you at the
director of school or the edge there yes
really don't need us more work during my
class yeah isn't that funny
you were so not YouTube a chant of in
teaching Camila
first can you imagine that like no words
so we booked this air B&B in Como and
there was this guy who was renting it
out and he said I'm sorry I wouldn't be
able to me what my sister is gonna meet
you and we made with his sister she's
showing me the way to the apartment and
asked her what is it here in Como and
she says I run a language school are you
serious
because I have an appointment at a
language school tomorrow
and like what is your language school
and she says where's the only language
school in Como Italy what and like is it
even real I can condition that and she's
showing me the apartment and she's the
one who's gonna be teaching me Italian
tomorrow like the world is like this and
I'm travelling here in Italy there are
so many subscribers to tell me Oh marina
I live in the same city Oh marina I live
next to you do you want to come over
like the the world is like that and
Medina
you know
and user report on ingress
so just just standard view for possible
[Music]
[Laughter]
so my current level of Italian I would
say spree intermedius ciao ragazza
buongiorno Italia Jana
yes uh but an amazing amazing thing I've
noticed during the Italian class and
being in Italy ciao ragazzi yes owner in
Italian nel guarda-costa F machine er
this is all made out no my Italian
screen to me it is so our brain has so
much information in it we cannot really
match it so we you know learn languages
we read papers we do things and
everything is day
[Music]
we just came to San Pellegrino and today
is the day of
[Music]
can he live here for the rest of my life
when you guys want to order a latte in
Italian you have to say latte macchiato
because initially asked him for a latte
and he gave me the whole glass of hot
milk
remember
[Music]
I'm Bluegreen old water
can you imagine that this big hotel went
bankrupt in sanpo you know they actually
trying to rebuild it but because they
built it before the First World War
it wasn't bankrupt and I was just
standing here empty and such beautiful
building the problem is at a certain
amount of period of time a brain doesn't
really have access to that information
but if you're in a diffused mode like
when you relax when you're just walking
around Italy your brain suddenly has
access to all of the information like I
notice when I walk in the street and I
have to say something in Italian somehow
this knowledge just comes to my mind and
it's all like it's not that mode when
you have to like stop and think oh
what's this word in telling what was
that it doesn't work that way
it just works in a relaxed way and I
noticed the same for my German like when
I'm relaxed I speak like have a native
speaker when I have to think about every
single word it doesn't really work let
me know guys if you've ever noticed
something like I have noticed but when I
dream and SM times dream in foreign
languages like in German and Italian
I've realized that the structures that
I'm using in my dream like I wake up and
analyze what happened and I realized I
used really complex grammatical
structures and I was using structures
that I haven't really used my speaking a
foreign language in real life and this
is diffused mode in action this is what
I'm brain just real access and it tries
to pull like all of the knowledge that
we have in our brain tries to pull it
outside and this is what happens when
you're in the country when you're in the
environment you're like relax because
while you're shopping for Parham you're
shopping for Italian shoes you're
relaxed and suddenly words come to your
mind and this is so so so exciting your
own vlog YouTube do capisci YouTube
your own block con gentleman says we've
heard I had a little conversation with
the guy who drove the cart and I told
him that I had a hundred thousand
subscribers because numbers flow away
from my brain sometimes salesmen to say
you're gentle vintage ink where we learn
followers on YouTube and I just know the
word for word so I just substitute it
with the English one the Italians coming
City cheer for us on YouTube in italiano
tell me how you say four words in
Italian and another thing that I've
noticed yesterday on a class you're in
the Italian class is that my brain
started working like crazy and it's a
different kind of work so when you learn
new language I wouldn't say it's like
business set because when I'm thinking
about business really different mindset
I compare it to mathematics when you're
learning structures when you're trying
to fit them in whatever is in your mind
and yesterday I promise to myself that
I'm gonna be learning languages until
I'm like hundred years old this is an
amazing thing what happens to a brain
and I have fuss of Mike I think he said
Brill really distant granddad he's a
professor at a university and he's a
physics professor he's like 80 something
or at 75 plus something and because he
works everyday he does his research
he's flying to Australia like every two
months I hit a sport he swims in the
ocean because his brain is still active
and this is what I'm trying to achieve
by learning foreign languages keeping my
brain active till I'm like how are you
sold this is my goal and yes this is my
goal for learning Italian and I would
really like advice you guys to start
learning a foreign language because this
thing is the most powerful thing in the
world and you you want to keep it active
you want to keep it you want to keep it
working for as long as he can
[Music]
of course guys if you want to travel to
Italy if you want to go to my school you
know where to go lingua Brock home is my
business and this is a platform we can
book language courses all over the world
cheaper than looking directly with
school and we're gonna help you with
everything
I'm super super excited you can use this
platform and travel to Italy to learn
Italian please share also what other
matters you're using for learning
Italian yesterday asked my teacher what
kind of films kind of washed with my
freedom to read it Italian she said
maybe forget about films for now watch
some Disney movies translated into
Italian and this is what my teacher said
when you are watching something in a
foreign language please make sure that
you have subtitles for example if it's
Italian and have subtitles in Italian my
problem right now is that I do not
really use the canonical structure
structures that I have - so I know a lot
of words and I just try to mix them in a
weird way but what I have to do is to
use Italian grammatical structures and
she said when you will be watching this
films you will be looking at subtitles
which are written in the right way with
the right medical structures and he will
be just you know we're memorizing them
memorizing and then they will just come
out whenever you will need them so this
is what I'm gonna do I'm gonna leave a
link below to the film that I'm watching
right now in Italian it's an amazing one
I think you've won Oscars maybe but it's
a really good one so I would encourage
you to watch it like twice and try to
watch it in Italian let me know what
other methods you use to study Italian
and I hope you guys enjoy this vlog
please like this video if you enjoyed it
and please subscribe to this channel
because I talk a lot of us heading
different languages and travelling
abroad and I hope to see you soon in the
next videos
[Music]